mon: add mon storage class support (#12384)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/ceph-cluster-crd.md

  This setting only applies to new monitors that are created when the requested
  number of monitors increases, or when a monitor fails and is recreated. An
  [example CRD configuration is provided below](#using-pvc-storage-for-monitors).

> * `failureDomainLabel`: When using zones label must be specified, the labels must be found in the list of well-known [topology labels](#osd-topology).

Reviewer: How about a similar description to the below failureDomainLabel?
```suggestion
* `failureDomainLabel`: The label that is expected on each node where the mons are expected to be deployed. The labels must be found in the list of well-known [topology labels](#osd-topology).
```

> * `zones`: The failure domain name, which when specified will deploy mons on specified matching failure domain node label, this can be specified with failureDomainLabel.

Reviewer: How about if we have a similar description to the below `zones` section?
```suggestion
* `zones`: The failure domain names where the Mons are expected to be deployed. There must be **at least three zones** specified in the list. Each zone can be backed by a different storage class by specifying the `volumeClaimTemplate`.
```

   This element is always named `zone` even if a non-default `failureDomainLabel` is specified. This element takes one value:

>    * `name`: The name of the zone, which is the value of the domain label.

Reviewer: We also need the `volumeClaimTemplate` described here. It was also missed in the stretch cluster zones a few lines lower if you wouldn't mind adding the description there too.

Author: that's a good point, fixed it, thanks!

  This setting only applies to new monitors that are created when the requested
  number of monitors increases, or when a monitor fails and is recreated. An
  [example CRD configuration is provided below](#using-pvc-storage-for-monitors).
* `failureDomainLabel`: When using zones label must be specified,

>    the labels must be found in the list of well-known [topology labels](#osd-topology).

Reviewer: This doc also needs to describe the new `zones` property.
